content/_index.md, before:

+++
+++

JC STEM Lab of Intelligent Cybersecurity, co-hosted by the [School of Computing and Data Science](https://www.cds.hku.hk/) of the [University of Hong Kong](https://hku.hk), was established with generous donations from the [Hong Kong Jockey Club Charities Trust](https://charities.hkjc.com/charities/english/charities-trust/index.aspx) and other organizations and corporations.

Our mission is to conduct cutting-edge research in the interdisciplinary area between computer/information security and machine learning. We endeavor to apply the latest methods and models in machine learning to security problems and to improve the security, privacy, and robustness of machine learning.

The lab has state-of-the-art computing facilities, including 8 [Nvidia H200](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/h200/) and 8 [Nvidia H100](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/h100/) GPUs, 130 TB SSD storage, and abundant cloud computing resources.

We are recruiting researchers, postdoctoral scholars, graduate students, and interns who are passionate about exploring the frontier of cybersecurity and machine learning. Please send your CV to `chenho AT hku.hk`

## PhD recruitment for 2026

We are recruiting PhD students for enrollment in 2026. We have multiple positions both in Hong Kong and [Shanghai](https://www.cds.hku.hk/news/hku-signs-mou-with-shanghai-municipal-government-for-new-hku-cds-shanghai-campus-zhangjiang-hi-tech-park/). If you have a high undergraduate GPA from a highly ranked university *or* have good research experience, we'd love to hear from you.

Prior experience in cybersecurity is *not* mandatory. Past academic and research achievements are more indicative of successful future PhD study than the exact match of research topics. We are also expanding beyond cybersecurity into other AI application areas, such as AI for health.

Commit message:

Add references to AI for biological sciences.

content/_index.md, after:

+++
+++

JC STEM Lab of Intelligent Cybersecurity, co-hosted by the [School of Computing and Data Science](https://www.cds.hku.hk/) of the [University of Hong Kong](https://hku.hk), was established with generous donations from the [Hong Kong Jockey Club Charities Trust](https://charities.hkjc.com/charities/english/charities-trust/index.aspx) and other organizations and corporations.

Our mission is to conduct cutting-edge research in the interdisciplinary area between computer/information security and machine learning. We endeavor to apply the latest methods and models in machine learning to security problems and to improve the security, privacy, and robustness of machine learning.

Our newest endeavor ventures into AI for biological sciences in collaboration with 
[Lab of Mechanobiology in Diseases](http://english.cemcs.cas.cn/sourcedb/ywrck/pi/202405/t20240527_663450.html), Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science (Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology), Chinese Academy of Sciences.

The lab has state-of-the-art computing facilities, including [Nvidia H200](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/h200/) and [Nvidia H100](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/h100/) GPU clusters, and abundant cloud computing resources.

We are recruiting researchers, postdoctoral scholars, graduate students, and interns who are passionate about exploring the frontier of cybersecurity, machine learning, and AI for biological sciences. Please send your CV to `chenho AT hku.hk`

## PhD recruitment for 2026

We have multiple PhD positions in both Hong Kong and [Shanghai](https://www.cds.hku.hk/news/hku-signs-mou-with-shanghai-municipal-government-for-new-hku-cds-shanghai-campus-zhangjiang-hi-tech-park/). If you have a high undergraduate GPA from a highly ranked university *or* have good research experience, we'd love to hear from you.
